1. 
My team and I have touched down in Israel to stand in solidarity with the Israeli people following Hamas's terrorist attack.
Join me as I address the people of Israel in Tel Aviv:

Solidality
Following: Biden use to write "following" instead of "after"

2.
I just announced $100 million for humanitarian assistance in Gaza and the West Bank.
This money will support over 1 million displaced and conflict-affected Palestinians.
And we will have mechanisms in place so this aid reaches those in need – not Hamas or terrorist groups.

3.
Let me make myself clear:
The vast majority of Palestinians are not Hamas.
And Hamas does not represent the Palestinian people.


4.
I have come to Israel with a simple message:
You are not alone.
As long as the United States stands – and we will stand forever – you will not be alone.

5.
I spoke with Prime Minister Netanyahu regarding the situation on the ground, security assistance and humanitarian needs, and information on unaccounted Americans.
I asked tough questions as a friend of Israel. We will continue to deter any actor wanting to widen this conflict.

Deter: ...

6.
I'm proud to be in Israel to honor the courage, commitment, and bravery of the Israeli people.
Americans are grieving with you following last week’s terror attacks.
Griveing: ...

7.
Folks, there are core values that should bring us together as Americans. 
And one of them is standing together against hate, racism, bigotry, and violence that have long haunted and plagued our nation.


8.
I am outraged and deeply saddened by the explosion at the Al Ahli Arab hospital in Gaza, and the terrible loss of life that resulted. Immediately upon hearing this news, I spoke with King Abdullah II of Jordan, and Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel and have directed my national…

9.
The idea of America guarantees that everyone is treated with dignity and equality.
It's an idea that ensures an inclusive, multi-racial democracy.
And that we give no safe harbor to hate of any kind.

Inclusive: ...
Give no safe harbor

10.
History has taught us again and again that antisemitism, Islamophobia, and all hate are connected.
We have to reject hate in every form.

Antisemitism, Islamophobia

11
On Wednesday, I'll travel to Israel to stand in solidarity in the face of Hamas's brutal terrorist attack.
I'll then travel to Jordan to address dire humanitarian needs, meet with leaders, and make clear that Hamas does not stand for Palestinians' right to self-determination.
Solidarity: ... (solid)
Humanitarian

12.
There are certain core values that should bring us together as Americans.
One of them is standing together against hate, racism, bigotry, and violence that have long haunted and plagued our nation.
Everyone has a role to play.

Bigotory
Haunted
Plauged: (Plåga)

13.
Acts of hate stand against our fundamental values: freedom from fear for how we pray, what we believe, and who we are.

14.
An attack on one group of us is an attack on all of us.
In America, hate will not prevail.
Venom and violence against any one community cannot – and will not – be the story of our time.

Prevail
Venom

15.
This morning, @POTUS and @VP were briefed by their national security team on the latest updates in the wake of Hamas’s abhorrent attack in Israel and the worsening humanitarian crisis in Gaza.
Abhorrent: ...

16.
Jill and I were sickened to learn of the brutal murder of a child and the attempted murder of the child’s mother yesterday in Illinois. Our condolences and prayers are with the family.
This act of hate against a Palestinian Muslim family has no place in America.
condolences: ...

17.
As Americans, we must come together and reject Islamophobia and all forms of bigotry and hatred. I have said repeatedly that I will not be silent in the face of hate.
We must be unequivocal.

Unequivocal: ...

18.
This weekend, I connected again with Prime Minister Netanyahu to reiterate unwavering U.S. support for Israel, and to provide an update on our military support and efforts to protect civilians.
It's time all countries unequivocally condemned Hamas as a terrorist organization that does not represent the aspirations of the Palestinian people.
Reiterate: ...
Unwavering: ...
Condemn: ...
Aspiration: ...

19.
Hate never goes away. It only hides.
And one week ago, we saw hate manifest in the worst massacre of Jewish people since the Holocaust.
We must reject it in every form.

Massacre: ...
Holocaust: ...


20.
I spoke with Palestinian Authority President Abbas to condemn Hamas’ attack on Israel and reiterate that Hamas does not stand for the Palestinian people’s right to dignity and self-determination.
I assured him that we're working with partners in the region to ensure humanitarian supplies reach civilians in Gaza and to prevent the conflict from widening.


21.
I vowed to strengthen Medicare for the millions of Americans that have paid into this program from their very first paycheck.
And today, as Medicare open enrollment starts, seniors will see the progress we’ve made lowering health care costs as they choose their 2024 plans.

Vow: ...
Paycheck: ...

22.
2. Low-income seniors and disabled people will be able to get more help paying for their premiums and cost-sharing through the expanded Extra Help program.
3. And Medicare beneficiaries will continue to save money on $35 insulin and free vaccines.

23.
Medicare is a lifeline for millions of seniors, and I will continue the fight to lower health care costs and protect Medicare for generations to come.

Lifeline

24.
We must not lose sight of the fact that the overwhelming majority of Palestinians had nothing to do with Hamas’s appalling attacks, and are suffering as a result of them.

Appalling

25.
Jill and I came to the HRC National Dinner to say thank you for your courage, your hope, and your pride.
The Biden-Harris Administration has LGBTQI+ Americans' backs.
Together, we'll continue defending and advancing equal human rights across the country and the world.

Inclusive in gender aspect ...

26.
The families of unaccounted for Americans following the terrorist attack on Israel are going through the unthinkable.
I gave them my word:
We are not walking away from them.

Unaccounted: Missing
The unthinkable: ...
Give my word: Promise

27.
The U.S. is working with the governments of Israel, Egypt, Jordan — and with the UN — to surge support to ease the humanitarian consequences of Hamas’s attack, create conditions needed to resume the flow of assistance, and advocate for the upholding of the law of war.

The upholding: ...

28.
Folks, the emissions reductions from our Hydrogen Hubs – sites that are generating, storing, and transporting clean hydrogen – will be the equivalent of taking 5.5 million gasoline cars off the road.
That's no joke.

Emission reductions

29.
This morning, I spoke with family members of Americans who are still unaccounted for following the terrorist attack in Israel.
I assured them of my personal commitment to do everything possible to return them to their families.
We won't stop until they're home.

Unaccounted...
Assure: ...
Commitment: ...

30.
Today, I'm announcing a $7 billion federal investment, which has attracted over $40 billion in private investment in clean hydrogen.
It's one of the largest clean manufacturing investments in our history.
And it'll create tens of thousands of good-paying jobs.

31.
Today, I convened leaders of American businesses for a conversation on our economy — including our investment boom in construction, manufacturing, and clean energy.
Together, we’re creating opportunities for businesses and workers in communities across America.

32.
My Administration is taking our most comprehensive action ever to eliminate junk fees across the economy.
We're proposing rules that would ban hidden fees, mandate transparent pricing, and make clear that bank fees for services like checking your account balance are illegal.

33.
As president, I have no higher priority than the safety of Americans at home and around the world. @VP and I spoke with our national security teams to discuss ongoing steps to protect the homeland, including Jewish, Arab, and Muslim communities, following the attacks in Israel.

34.
This morning’s report shows core inflation fell to its lowest level in two years – down 60% from its peak as unemployment stays below 4%.
Our plan is delivering, but the job’s not done. I’ll continue fighting to lower costs and grow our economy from the middle out and bottom up.

35.
Twenty-five years ago today, Matthew Shepard lost his life to a brutal act of anti-gay hate and violence simply for being himself.
His murder shook the conscience of the American people. And his courageous parents, Judy and Dennis Shepard, turned Matthew’s memory into a movement.
As Vice President, I had the honor of helping to enact the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, which extended federal hate crimes laws to cover sexual orientation, gender identity, and disability. This legislation is a lasting tribute to Matthew and a testament to the relentless advocacy of Judy and Dennis.
But our work will not be finished until we end the hate and violence that too many LGBTQI+ Americans continue to face.
May God bless Matthew Shepard and all who remember him today.

36.
Diana is a young woman who's raising her voice to fight for environmental justice for families like hers.
She expressed interest in joining the next generation of clean energy, conservation, and climate resilience workers in our American Climate Corps —
So, I gave her a call.
+...

37.
The terrorist attack on Israel has brought to the surface painful memories and the scars left by a millennia of antisemitism and genocide of the Jewish people.
So, in this moment, we must be crystal clear: We stand with Israel and the Jewish community.


----

1.
The terror and tyranny of Hamas and Putin represent different threats, but they both want to completely annihilate a neighboring democracy.
Let me share with you why this is vital for America’s national security:
+ ...

Tyranny: (sv) Tyrann
Annihilate: Completely destroy, (sv) förinta, förgöra, tillintetgöra


2.
We are facing a moment in history where the decisions America makes today will determine the future for decades to come.
That’s why I’m working non-stop to protect our nation’s security. Our investment today will pay dividends tomorrow for generations.

3.
From the earliest moments of this attack, we have been working around-the-clock to free American citizens who were taken hostage by Hamas.
We will not stop until we secure the release of those who are still being held.

4.
Today, we have secured the release of two Americans taken hostage by Hamas during the horrific terrorist assault against Israel.
Our fellow citizens have endured a terrible ordeal these past 14 days, and I am overjoyed that they will soon be reunited with their family.

5.
After I signed the Inflation Reduction Act, some claimed our tougher tax enforcement policies would go after middle-class families.
Today’s numbers prove otherwise. 
Congressional Republicans may not like it, but I’m going to make sure the wealthy pay what they owe.

6.
Kamala, thank you for your leadership, partnership, and friendship. Happy Birthday, @VP.

7.
This morning, I spoke with @IsraeliPM and reaffirmed U.S. support for Israel’s defense, underscored the importance of operating consistent with the law of war, discussed moving humanitarian aid into Gaza, and ongoing efforts to secure the release of hostages taken by Hamas.

8.
I just spoke with the two Americans released today after being held hostage by Hamas. I let them know that their government will fully support them as they recover and heal.
Jill and I will continue holding close in our hearts all the families of unaccounted for Americans.

9.
Today I welcomed @eucopresident and @vonderleyen for our second U.S. - EU Summit as we continue to work closely together on the situation in Ukraine and the Middle East.
These crises call for Europe and America to take a stand together.

10.
I know these conflicts can seem far away. It’s natural to ask: Why does this matter to America?
Israel and Ukraine’s success is vital to our national security. History has taught us that when terrorists and dictators don’t pay a price, they cause more death and destruction.

11.
As hard as it is, we cannot give up on peace. 
We cannot give up on a two-state solution.

12.
Young people recognize that the climate crisis is the existential threat of our time – and they deserve our support.
We launched the American Climate Corps to put 20,000 young people on career pathways in the growing fields of clean energy, conservation, and climate resilience.

13.
The United States remains committed to ensuring that civilians in Gaza will continue to have access to food, water, medical care, and other assistance, without diversion by Hamas.

14.
Today, the first convoy of humanitarian assistance since Hamas’ terrorist attack on Israel arrived in Gaza and reached Palestinians in need.
The opening of this essential supply route was the result of days of diplomatic engagement at the highest levels.

15.
Israel has the right to defend itself. We must make sure they have what they need to protect their people today and always.
At the same time, Prime Minister Netanyahu and I have discussed how Israel must operate by the laws of war. That means protecting civilians in combat as best as they can.
We can’t ignore the humanity of innocent Palestinians who only want to live in peace. That’s why I secured an agreement for the first shipment of humanitarian assistance for Palestinian civilians in Gaza.
And we cannot give up on a two-state solution.

16.
We saw during the early days of the pandemic that the supply chain disruptions can put Americans’ lives and livelihoods at risk. 
My Administration is building a resilient supply chain that’s made in America.

17.
My Administration is making “Buy American” a reality rather than a shallow promise.
We’re supporting more American-based companies, putting Americans in union jobs, strengthening American manufacturing, and tackling the climate crisis.

18.
I also expressed appreciation for Israel’s support in helping to secure the release of two American hostages, and Prime Minister Netanyahu and I discussed ongoing efforts to secure the release of all remaining hostages taken by Hamas.
We’ll continue to stay in close touch.

19.
Today, I spoke with @IsraeliPM about developments in Israel and Gaza.
The first two convoys of humanitarian assistance arrived in Gaza yesterday, and we affirmed that there will now be a continued flow of this critical aid to Palestinians in need.

20.
Over the last two years, we've revitalized the partnership between the EU and the U.S.
Together, we'll continue to address our most pressing global challenges – including strengthening our economic security and standing with Ukraine against tyranny and Israel against terrorism.

...

21.
As hard as it is, we cannot give up on peace.  We cannot give up on a two-state solution.
Israelis and Palestinians equally deserve to live in safety, dignity, and peace.

22.
Tune in as I highlight how Bidenomics and my Investing in America agenda are growing the economy from the middle out and bottom up.
...

23.
Tech Hubs made possible by our CHIPS and Science Act will bring together folks from industry to local governments, supercharging innovation and developing the tech of the future.
Today, I announced 31 Hubs will get to compete for up to $75 million each to scale up their work.

24.
For too long, science and innovation – and the economic opportunity that came with it – was concentrated on the coasts.
Not anymore.
Tech Hubs will bring this work to communities across the country.

25.
For the first time in a long time, we're investing in America.
...

26.
The United States remains committed to the Palestinian people’s right to dignity and to self-determination.
The actions of Hamas terrorists don’t take that right away.

27.
Tune in as I award the National Medal of Science and the National Medal of Technology and Innovation.
...

28.
Today, 21 Americans received two of the highest honors: the National Medal of Science and the National Medal of Technology and Innovation.
They've expanded our understanding of everything from the depths of the eye to the depths of the universe.
Congratulations, laureates.

29.
Under this Administration, America will be the place where great science happens.

30.
The U.S. and our regional partners are working to build a better future for the Middle East – one where it is more stable and better connected to its neighbors. 
It benefits the people of the Middle East – and it would benefit us.

31.
There’s going to be more technological change in the next 10 years – or even the next 5 years – than in the last 50.
And I want America to lead that change.

32.
We must, without equivocation, denounce antisemitism.
We must, without equivocation, denounce Islamophobia.
To all of you hurting: You belong.
You’re all America.

Equivocation: 




--------------

Older words:
Uptick:
Coveted:
Coercive:


...


1.

We can’t stand by while hate against Muslims, and those wrongfully perceived to be Muslim, including Arabs and Sikhs, is given oxygen.
That’s why we're developing a National Strategy to Counter Islamophobia and Related Forms of Hate. 
Silence is complicity. We won't be silent.
Long sentence (First sentence). Main clause: We can't stand by while hate is given oxygen.
Complicity: (Sammansvärjning)

...

2.
Today, thanks to American leadership, we secured safe passage for wounded Palestinians and for foreign nationals to exit Gaza.
We expect American citizens to exit today, and we expect to see more depart over the coming days.
We won't let up working to get Americans out of Gaza.

Let up: (Minska/Försvagas) (of something undesirable) become less intense
Let up vs give up